Improve documentation (#321)
kimai/www.kimai.org: _documentation/plugin-management.md

Make sure that you copy it into the appropriate subdirectory in `var/plugins/`. 
For the plugin `CustomCSSBundle` this would be `var/plugins/CustomCSSBundle/` (there should be a file `var/plugins/CustomCSSBundle/CustomCSSBundle.php`).

> After the plugin was installed, you need to [clear the cache]({% link _documentation/cache.md %}) (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the plugin, you will need to [clear the cache]({% link _documentation/cache.md %}) (see below).
```

{% include alert.html icon="fas fa-exclamation" type="warning" alert="Additional installation steps might be required (eg. database creation). Please read the specific plugin docs!" %}

## Deactivate plugins

You can disable plugins by creating a file called `.disabled` in the plugin directory, e.g. `var/plugins/CustomCSSBundle/.disabled`.

> You need to [clear the cache]({% link _documentation/cache.md %}) afterward (see below). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then need to [clear the cache]({% link _documentation/cache.md %}) (see below). 
```
